---
title: Media Lesson 1
layout: post
author: thomas.ellis
permalink: /untitled-document/
source-id: 1ITeSwz70cDwbc-4RZm9wK5CUdLvgRCIEs12ZF6QKsxM
published: true
---
Lesson 1

 At the start of the lesson we talked about the meaning of media and how  there are lots of ways that you can communicate online. For example things like facebook, instagram, twitter (public), etc.

 After that discussion we each got given a sheet of paper. On the sheets there was a media literacy bingo game. There was a big square with 25 other mini squares in it (including the FREE SPACE) with questions in 24 of them. The task was to get as many, vertical, horizontal and diagonal lines as possible. Once we found someone that fitted with it we crossed it off and wrote the name in because we weren't allowed to use the same person twice.

 After about 10 minutes of walking round the classroom and asking people if they fitted with any of the questions we came and sat back down again. We discussed which ones were harder to get, e.g. this person has a twitter name, which only one person in the class did! But we also talked about the easier one's to get, e.g. this person plays a musical instrument which lots of the class did, including me.

 Then we watched an advert. It was a car advert for the new kia soul. The first time we watched it normally and the second time we were told to try and see what the target market (what audience) the advert was aimed at and what the message was that they were trying to show. We agreed that it was aimed for a teenager who wants their first car because then he/she would nag their parents to get one. The message they were trying to show that was if you have this car you're a fit, healthy and good-looking person who has fame. Also I thought it was clever how as the hamster's got fitter the car got better. Finally we discussed what they missed out of the advert. For example they didn’t hardly show the back and inside of the car much. That’s why it is aimed at a teenager rather than someone older because one of the main things for older adults is that it is comfortable and the advert didn’t really show that.

The adcert I answered the questions for was a magazine ad, fruit bowl yogurt flakes!

